I will just start writing. I have no real plan for what I want to share here or what I want to achieve. Everything I am typing right now is... really just some words which come to my mind in this exact moment.

I was recently inspired by some YouTube videos from [Ottilie](https://www.youtube.com/@OttiIie) and [Phillip Choi](https://www.youtube.com/@letphil). Now that I have finished my degree—and not even half-bad; I managed to get a 1.5 grade and publish two papers just a short time after my master's graduation—I feel the urge to search for a new goal in my life and use the capabilities which I have. I don't want to just sit and acknowledge the fact that I achieved something. I want to keep going and find something... something that fulfills me.

I was looking for some help on how to become a better programmer because, let’s be honest, I lack some essential skills like... how do I even deploy a website? If you read this... well, I figured it out. It was not only the technical side—this part I figured out pretty quickly—but figuring out the legal part was more of a headache. What do I even need to include? Is what I am doing correct? But I think I figured it out.

Well okay, let’s get back to what I actually want to talk about. "Digital Garden"—some may have already heard of it before and some never. For me, it’s something new. Something exciting, and when I first heard of the concept, I got a feeling in my gut which told me: "Yes. This is it. This is the thing you have been looking for." I haven't had this feeling for a long time. This is why I started this blog, or whatever you want to call this. I have no idea, to be honest. This is probably just something I will occasionally do to dump some ideas and things which interest me. There will be no clear thing I will be talking about... more like whatever I am interested in. It will be messy. To everyone reading this (probably just me): just start doing stuff for the sake of doing it and not to please someone or achieve some goal. Some things in life should just be done for the sake of doing it and not because someone else tells you to do it.
