This month I started my full time job and its going pretty well so far. I started as a software developer at a cool company in Freiburg Germany. Before that I was working as a working student at the same company. The company is great there are a lot of benefits and freedom in the work we do... well we obviously also have to do some tedious work but this is part of every job.

I like it there. I like the people. The work and I really like waking up and making my way to work as I know my work will be acknowledged. Nonetheless... even though I am a very organized and disciplined person I still feel like after the first weeks of full time that my time after my shift is limited. I try to do a lot of stuff and finish up all the tedious things I have to do like, insurance, cooking, washing clothes or cleaning in general. This is all stuff which is very hard to do after work... but I am fortunate enough that I am very disciplined and don't think a lot about this and... well just do it to get it over with.

My thought of these things is the following: You know you have to do it. You think the whole time about this annoying task and then you procrastinate. But while you procrastinate you keep thinking about this one task and it hinders you of relaxing, doing fun stuff.. you cant enjoy the "relaxing" time because you just keep thinking of that one task over and over. If you would just do the task or the other things then you would get it out of your had... and most of the time you will feel great because you accomplished something...

I know this is easier said than done but if you keep doing this some time you will notice that doing these tasks dont take that much time.. and the time spend worrying and being annoyed about the task you could rather use to really relax at the end or do the things you actually enjoy doing.
